[BrokenLinksH2] Fixed broken links (#645)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/controls/DropShadowPanel.md

## Sample Project

> [DropShadowPanel Sample Page Source](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/tree/rel/7.0.1/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.SampleApp/SamplePages/DropShadowPanel). You can [see this in action](uwpct://Controls?sample=DropShadowPanel) in the [Windows Community Toolkit Sample App](https://aka.ms/windowstoolkitapp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DropShadowPanel Sample Page Source](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/tree/rel/7.1.2/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.SampleApp/SamplePages/Shadows). You can [see this in action](uwpct://Controls?sample=DropShadowPanel) in the [Windows Community Toolkit Sample App](https://aka.ms/windowstoolkitapp).
```
This was moved here. Appreciate you looking into this, if you didn't know, you can use the `T` key on the GitHub repo to search for files too.

## Default Template

> [DropShadowPanel XAML File](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/63cbb4a51bdef59083ccfc86bbcba41f966d0027/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Controls.Core/DropShadowPanel/DropShadowPanel.xaml) is the XAML template used in the toolkit for the default styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DropShadowPanel XAML File](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.1.0/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Controls.Core/DropShadowPanel/DropShadowPanel.xaml) is the XAML template used in the toolkit for the default styling.
```
No need to change the version here.
